HEY.
WHAT YOU GUYS DOING?
MONICA'S MAKING US
WATCH OLD YELLER.
WHY ARE YOU GUYS SO UPSET?
IT'S OLD YELLER.
IT'S A HAPPY MOVIE.
WHAT?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
COME ON.
HAPPY FAMILY GETS A DOG.
FRONTIER FUN.
YEAH, BUT, PHEEBS,
WHAT ABOUT THE END?
WHEN YELLER SAVES
THE FAMILY FROM THE WOLF
AND EVERYONE'S HAPPY?
THAT'S NOT THE END.
YUH-HUH. THAT'S WHEN MY MOTHER
WOULD SHUT OFF THE TV
AND SAY "THE END."
WHAT ABOUT THE PART
WHERE HE HAS RABIES?
HE DOESN'T HAVE RABIES.
HE HAS BABIES.
THAT'S WHAT MY MOM SAID.
UH, PHOEBE,
I DON'T THINK YOUR MOM
WOULD WANT YOU TO SEE
WHAT'S ABOUT TO HAPPEN.
WHY? WHAT'S
ABOUT TO HAPPEN?
I'VE NEVER SEEN
THIS PART BEFORE.
HEY, TRAVIS,
WHATCHA DOING WITH THAT GUN?
OH, NO.
NO, NO, TRAVIS,
PUT DOWN THE GUN.
NO, NO, NO,
HE'S YOUR BUDDY.
HE'S YOUR YELLER. NO.
NO, NO. THE END! THE END!
( gunshot echoes )
OKAY, WHAT KIND OF A SICK
DOGGIE SNUFF FILM IS THIS?!
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HEY, HAVE YOU GUYS EATEN?
BECAUSE RICHARD AND I
JUST FINISHED
AND WE'VE GOT LEFTOVERS.
CHICKEN AND POTATOES.
WHAT AM I WEARING?
ACTUALLY, NOTHING
BUT RUBBER GLOVES.
ONE OF THESE TIMES, YOU'RE
GOING TO REALLY BE NAKED
AND WE'RE NOT
GOING TO COME OVER.
ALL RIGHT, I'VE GOT A LEG,
THREE BREASTS, AND A WING.
HOW DO YOU FIND
CLOTHES THAT FIT?
OH, HEY, MONICA,
WE GOT A QUESTION.
ALL RIGHT,
FOR THE ZILLIONTH TIME
YES, I SEE OTHER WOMEN
IN THE SHOWER AT THE GYM
AND, NO, I DON'T LOOK.
NO, NOT THAT ONE.
WE'RE TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
WHO TO BRING
TO THE KNICKS GAME TONIGHT.
WE HAVE AN EXTRA TICKET.
YEAH, ROSS CAN'T GO.
SO IT'S BETWEEN
MY FRIEND ERIC PROWER,
WHO HAS BREATH ISSUES,
AND DAN, WITH THE POKING.
"DID YOU SEE THAT PLAY?"
"DO YOU WANT SOME MORE BEER?"
"IS THAT SPIKE LEE?"
OKAY.
HEY, WHY DON'T YOU
ASK RICHARD?
OKAY. HEY, RICHARD.
IF YOU HAD AN EXTRA TICKET
TO THE KNICKS GAME...
AND YOU HAD TO CHOOSE
BETWEEN A FRIEND
WHO SMELLED AND ONE WHO...
BRUISES YOU,
WHO WOULD YOU PICK?
WOW.
WELL, BEING A HUGE
KNICKS FAN MYSELF
I THINK YOU SHOULD
TAKE SOMEONE
WHO'S A HUGE KNICKS FAN.
OKAY.
THAT'S ERIC.
GLAD TO BE OF HELP.
MATCHES.
I MEANT WHY DON'T YOU
TAKE RICHARD TO THE GAME?
[MOCK WHINING]
WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW...
COME ON.
HE KEEPS HIS FINGERS
TO HIMSELF
AND HE'S ALWAYS MINTY FRESH.
RICHARD'S REALLY NICE
AND EVERYTHING.
IT'S JUST WE DON'T
KNOW HIM REALLY WELL
YOU KNOW, AND PLUS,
HE'S, YOU KNOW, OLD.
...ER THAN SOME PEOPLE
BUT, UH, YOUNGER
THAN SOME BUILDINGS.
SO HE'S A LITTLE OLDER.
BIG DEAL.
I MEAN,
HE'S IMPORTANT TO ME.
YOU KNOW, IF YOU ASK HIM,
HE MIGHT TAKE YOU IN HIS JAG.
HOW DO WE SAY "YES" NOW
AND MAKE IT SEEM LIKE
WE'RE NOT DOING IT
JUST TO RIDE
IN THE COOL CAR?
OKAY, THIS COULD BE TOUGH.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
MONICA, WE'LL BRING HIM
BUT ONLY IF HE TAKES THE JAGUAR.
OOH, YOU ALMOST HAD IT.
[SNIFFING]
NO, NO. YOU'RE FINE.
YOU'RE FINE.
HELLO.
HI.
HI, HONEY.
YOU GUYS ARE NOT GOING
TO BELIEVE WHAT HAPPENED.
WHAT? WHAT?
WE WERE SITTING
PLAYING ON THE FLOOR
AND HE GRABS THE TABLE
AND HE PULLS HIMSELF UP.
HE PULLED HIMSELF UP.
STANDING MAN.
I'M SORRY YOU GUYS
MISSED IT
BUT I DID TAPE IT
SO IF YOU GUYS
WANT TO SEE IT...
UH, WE KNOW.
HE ALREADY DID IT LAST WEEK.
YOU CAN WATCH OUR TAPE
IF YOU WANT.
SEE? I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
I MISSED, I MISSED
THE FIRST TIME OF EVERYTHING.
I MISSED THE FIRST TIME
HE ROLLED OVER
THE FIRST TIME HE CRAWLED.
WHAT ELSE DID I MISS?
HAS HE SPOKEN YET?
IS HE DRIVING?
DOES HE HAVE A FAVORITE LIQUOR?
YOU KNOW, ACTUALLY
HE'S GETTING CLOSER
ON THE TALKING THING.
HE CAN'T QUITE SAY
"MAMA" YET
BUT ONCE HE SAID "YEMEN."
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M SO SICK OF MISSING STUFF.
I WANT HIM FOR MORE THAN A DAY.
I WANT HIM FOR A WHOLE WEEKEND.
NO, LISTEN, I FEEL LIKE--
[BOTH]
THAT'LL BE FINE.
THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
REALLY? I MEAN,
I HAD A WHOLE SPEECH PREPARED.
OH, SHOOT.
THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN FUN.
[WHIMPERS]
OH, LOOK,
DID YOU JUST SEE THAT?
DID YOU SEE? HE JUST WAVED.
HE JUST WAVED!
HE'S NEVER
WAVED BEFORE!
YOU'VE NEVER
YES, HE HAS.
VERY GOOD.
HEY.
HEY, PHEEBS.
WHAT YOU GOT THERE?
OKAY. LOVE STORY,
BRIAN'S SONG
AND TERMS OF ENDEARMENT.
WOW. ALL YOU NEED NOW
IS THE KILLING FIELDS
AND SOME GUACAMOLE
AND YOU GOT YOURSELF
A PAR-TAY.
YEAH. I TALKED TO MY GRANDMA
ABOUT THE OLD YELLER INCIDENT
AND SHE TOLD ME
THAT MY MOM USED TO NOT SHOW US
THE ENDS OF SAD MOVIES
TO SHIELD US
FROM THE PAIN AND SADNESS,
YOU KNOW,
BEFORE SHE KILLED HERSELF.
HEY.
WHERE IS HE? WHERE'S RICHARD?
DID YOU DITCH HIM?
YEAH, RIGHT AFTER
WE STOLE HIS LUNCH MONEY
AND GAVE HIM A WEDGIE.
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU?
HE'S PARKING THE CAR.
DID YOU GUYS
HAVE FUN?
YOUR BOYFRIEND
IS SO COOL.
REALLY?
YEAH, HE LET US
DRIVE HIS JAGUAR.
JOEY FOR 12 BLOCKS,
ME FOR 15.
RACHEL:
WOW.
HE MUST LIKE YOU THE BEST.
OH, AND WHAT ABOUT THAT THING
HE DID WHEN HE TIPPED THE GUY
WHO SHOWED US
TO OUR SEATS?
YOU NEVER EVEN SAW THE MONEY.
IT WAS LIKE THIS.
"HEY, CHANDLER
THANKS FOR SHOWING US
TO OUR SEATS."
"YOU'RE WELCOME.
HEY, JOEY, THANKS
FOR PARKING THE CAR."
NO PROBLEM.
"HEY, CHANDLER..."
I THINK THEY GET IT.
OKAY.
THERE'S THE MAN!
HEY!
HEY, YOU'RE
GETTING BETTER.
I'M GOING TO KEEP THIS,
BY THE WAY.
OKAY...
HE KEPT MY DOLLAR.
[MONICA]
SO, YOUR FIRST
WHOLE WEEKEND WITHOUT BEN.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
GOING TO DO?
WE'RE GOING TO COLONIAL
WILLIAMSBURG.
A WOMAN I WENT
TO COLLEGE WITH
JUST BECAME THE FIRST FEMALE
BLACKSMITH DOWN THERE.
YOU KNOW, THEY'RE
A LITTLE BEHIND THE TIMES
IN COLONIAL WILLIAMSBURG.
OKAY, WELL,
LOOK, I BETTER GO
BEFORE MOMMY
STARTS WEEPING.
BYE.
WE LOVE YOU.
"BYE, MOMMY.
BYE, MOMMY."
BYE.
HAVE A GOOD TIME.
OKAY, BEN.
ROSS?
YEAH?
LOOK.
JOEY, DO YOU KNOW
WE CAN SEE YOU FROM HERE?
HOW COME RICHARD
LOOKS SO MUCH COOLER
WITH ONE OF THESE THAN ME?
FOR STARTERS,
YOU MAY WANT TO LIGHT IT
AND LOSE THE SPATULA.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK IT'S CUTE.
YOU TRYING TO BE
MORE LIKE RICHARD.
NOT LIKE HIM, PER SE,
JUST NOT UNLIKE HIM.
LOOK, IT'S THE ARTIST
FORMALLY KNOWN AS CHANDLER.
I WAS JUST TRYING
SOMETHING HERE, YOU KNOW?
JOEY, WHY DIDN'T YOU
GROW A MOUSTACHE?
OH, WE FLIPPED
FOR IT.
I GOT THE CIGAR,
HE GOT THE MOUSTACHE.
WE FIGURED IF WE BOTH
GREW THEM, WE'D LOOK LIKE DORKS.
YEAH, YOU REALLY
SIDE-STEPPED THAT LAND MINE.
HEY, LISTEN, WE GOT TO GO.
I PROMISED RICHARD
WE'D MEET HIM DOWNSTAIRS.
YOU'RE MEETING RICHARD?
YEAH, WE'RE GOING
TO A RANGER GAME.
DIDN'T HE TELL YOU?
HE TOLD ME HE WAS
GOING OUT WITH THE GUYS.
I JUST DIDN'T KNOW
YOU WERE THE GUYS.
YOU HEAR THAT?
WE'RE "THE GUYS."
WITH THAT MUSTACHE,
DOESN'T CHANDLER REMIND YOU
OF AUNT SYLVIA?
THANK YOU!
HI. WE'RE VISITING.
YAY!
IT'S BEN AND HIS...
DA-DA.
CAN YOU SAY "DA-DA"?
OH...
I'M GOING TO TELL YOUR MOMMIES
YOU SAID IT ANYWAY,
SO YOU MIGHT AS WELL TRY.
NO LUCK, HUH?
NO. A WHILE AGO,
I GOT A "SEH" OUT OF HIM,
WHICH I THOUGHT
MIGHT TURN INTO
"SEH-CONDARY CAREGIVER,"
BUT...
HEY, WOULD YOU HOLD HIM
FOR A SEC?
'CAUSE I GOT
TO TAKE THIS OFF.
OH. YEAH. SURE. OKAY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M HOLDING BEN.
YEAH, WELL,
HE'S A BABY, NOT A BOMB.
OKAY.
JUST HOLD HIM LIKE
YOU'D HOLD A FOOTBALL.
THIS IS HOW I WOULD HOLD
A FOOTBALL.
OKAY, HERE, HERE.
THERE WE GO.
OKAY. I'M SORRY. I'M JUST NOT
VERY GOOD WITH BABIES.
I MEAN, I HAVEN'T BEEN
AROUND THEM
I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
SINCE I WAS ONE.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
REALLY?
YEAH, DEFINITELY.
I'M SURE YOU'LL FEEL TOTALLY
DIFFERENT WHEN IT'S OUR BABY.
WHAT?
YOU THINK ABOUT STUFF
LIKE THAT?
UH... YEAH.
I MEAN, ACTUALLY,
I KIND OF THINKING
WE'LL HAVE...
WE'LL HAVE TWO BABIES.
TWO BABIES?
YEAH. YOU KNOW,
A BOY AND A GIRL.
HOPEFULLY, THE GIRL
WILL COME FIRST
SO BEN HERE WON'T FEEL
TOO COMPETITIVE.
THEN WHAT'S
GOING TO HAPPEN?
WELL, WE WON'T WANT
TO RAISE KIDS IN THE CITY
SO WE'LL PROBABLY MOVE
TO SCARSDALE.
UH-HUH.
THAT WAY, I FIGURE, WE'LL BE
FAR ENOUGH AWAY FROM OUR PARENTS
THAT WE DON'T HAVE TO SEE THEM
ALL THE TIME, BUT CLOSE ENOUGH
THAT THEY CAN COME OVER
AND BABY-SIT WHENEVER WE WANT.
AND, YES, I KNOW THE TAXES
ARE A LITTLE HIGHER
THAN, LET'S SAY,
NASSAU COUNTY
BUT THE SCHOOL SYSTEM'S
SUPPOSEDLY GREAT.
WOW.
WOW, THAT'S GREAT.
GREAT.
OKAY, WOW, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M OFF MY BREAK NOW
SO, UH, UM, HERE--
YOU TAKE THIS,
AND, UM...
I AM GOING TO GO POUR
THESE VERY NICE PEOPLE
SOME COFFEE.
OKAY.
OH, LOOK AT THAT.
I DON'T HAVE A POT.
WELL, MAYBE I'VE GOT ONE
AT HOME... OR IN SCARSDALE.
HEY, IS THAT A DOOR?
RACH?
HEY.
HEY, PHEEBS, WHAT'S HAPPENING?
OKAY, MURDER, CANCER,
SOCCER TEAMS
EATING EACH OTHER IN THE ANDES.
YOU WATCHED THE MOVIES, HUH?
UH-HUH. WHAT IS HAPPENING
TO THE WORLD?
I MEAN... NO, NO, NO.
'CAUSE E.T. LEAVES
AND ROCKY LOSES.
CHARLOTTE DIES.
CHARLOTTE WHO?
WITH THE WEB.
THE SPIDER. SHE DIES.
SHE HAS BABIES AND DIES.
IT'S LIKE, "WELCOME HOME
FROM THE HOSPITAL." THUD.
ALL RIGHT, YOU WANT
TO FEEL BETTER?
YEAH.
OKAY.
HERE. WATCH THIS.
"IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE."
YES, I'VE HEARD OF THIS.
SO YOU CAN'T LOSE.
IT'S THERE IN THE TITLE.
THE WONDERFULNESS
IS BAKED RIGHT IN.
PLEASE, I ALMOST FELL FOR
THAT WITH PRIDE OF THE YANKEES.
I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO SEE
A FILM ABOUT YANKEE PRIDE
AND THEN, BOOM, THE GUY
GETS LOU GEHRIG'S DISEASE.
THE GUY WAS LOU GEHRIG.
DIDN'T YOU KIND
OF SEE IT COMING?
PHOEBE, JUST WATCH THAT.
I PROMISE YOU
IT WILL RESTORE
ALL YOUR FAITH IN HUMANITY.
HEY, BIG GUY, GAME TIME.
HEY, BE RIGHT THERE.
THERE'S A GAME?
YEAH, I JUST GOT
MY PICK-UP STICKS
BACK FROM THE SHOP.
BRING YOUR NERVES OF STEEL.
IT'S THE BASKETBALL PLAY-OFFS.
HONEY, I APPRECIATE THIS BUT
YOU DON'T HAVE TO KEEP
HANGING OUT WITH THEM FOR ME.
THEY HAVE EACH OTHER.
NO, HONEY, DON'T WORRY.
I LIKE HANGING OUT
WITH THOSE GUYS.
IT'S FUN FOR ME.
THEY'RE DIFFERENT
THAN MY OTHER FRIENDS.
THEY DON'T START
SENTENCES WITH,
"YOU KNOW WHO JUST DIED
SHOVELING SNOW?"
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S GREAT.
JUST GO.
GO KNICKS!
UH, IT'S THE COLLEGE PLAY-OFFS.
OH. THEN... GO VASSAR!
THEY'RE NOT IN IT.
OKAY, THEN JUST GO.
OKAY.
WHY DOES THIS BOTHER
ME SO MUCH?
I DON'T WANT TO BE
ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE
WHO TELLS THEIR BOYFRIEND
THEY WANT TO SPEND
24 HOURS A DAY WITH HIM.
SURE.
HE DOESN'T HAVE
THAT MUCH FREE TIME.
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT DO I DO?
DOES IT MATTER?
YOU'RE ULTIMATELY
JUST GOING TO DIE
OR GET DIVORCED
OR HAVE TO BLOW
YOUR PET'S HEAD OFF.
UCH!
ME TOO.
I GOT A QUESTION. RICHARD
MADE PLANS AGAIN WITH THE GUYS.
YEAH, WELL, ROSS JUST MADE PLANS
FOR THE WHOLE CENTURY.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK I'M GOING TO GO
TO MY ROOM AND READ COSMO.
MAYBE THERE'S SOMETHING
HELPFUL IN THERE.
IF NOT, AT LEAST MAYBE
I CAN LEARN HOW TO DO
AN AT-HOME BIKINI WAX WITH
LEFTOVER CHRISTMAS CANDLES.
OKAY, WHAT THE HELL
HAPPENED BACK THERE?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU TELL ME.
ONE MINUTE, I'M HOLDING BEN
LIKE A FOOTBALL.
THE NEXT THING I KNOW,
I'VE GOT TWO KIDS
I'M LIVING IN SCARSDALE
COMPLAINING ABOUT THE TAXES.
I'M SORRY. I THINK ABOUT STUFF.
YOU'RE AT WORK,
YOU'RE ASSEMBLING BONES,
YOUR MIND WANDERS.
ROSS, YOU HAVE PLANNED OUT
THE NEXT 20 YEARS OF OUR LIVES.
WE'VE BEEN DATING FOR SIX WEEKS.
OH, COME ON, WHAT? YOU NEVER
THINK ABOUT OUR FUTURE?
YES, BUT I THINK ABOUT WHOSE
APARTMENT WE'RE GOING TO SLEEP
AT TOMORROW NIGHT
AND WHERE WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
DINNER NEXT SATURDAY NIGHT.
I DO NOT THINK ABOUT WHAT
OUR CHILDREN'S NAMES
ARE GOING TO BE.
YOU KNOW WHAT OUR CHILDREN'S
NAMES ARE GOING TO BE.
NO. NO. I MEAN,
YOU KNOW, I READ A BOOK
AND THERE WAS A GIRL NAMED EMILY
AND I THOUGHT
THAT MIGHT BE GOOD.
WHAT WAS THE BOOK?
"THE BIG BOOK
OF CHILDREN'S NAMES."
OKAY, ROSS, ROSS.
OKAY, LISTEN.
WHAT WE HAVE IS AMAZING.
YEAH.
BUT I DO NOT WANT TO HAVE
EVERYTHING DECIDED FOR ME.
I SPENT MY WHOLE LIFE LIKE THAT.
THAT'S WHAT I HAD WITH BARRY.
THAT WAS
ONE OF THE REASONS I LEFT.
I LIKE NOT KNOWING
RIGHT NOW.
AND I'M SORRY
IF THAT SCARES YOU,
BUT IF YOU WANT TO BE WITH ME,
YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE
TO DEAL WITH THAT.
OKAY, FINE.
THANK YOU.
WE'RE NOT DONE.
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
AND THEN YOU'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU'RE WITH A GUY
WHO'S NOT GOING TO STOP
PLANNING HIS FUTURE WITH YOU
BECAUSE HE KNOWS WE'RE GOING
TO END UP TOGETHER
AND IF THAT SCARES YOU, TOUGH,
'CAUSE YOU'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO DEAL WITH THAT.
FINE. I WILL.
GOOD. 'CAUSE I LOVE YOU.
OH, YEAH?
WELL I LOVE YOU TOO.
THAT'S THE FIRST TIME
WE'VE SAID THAT.
YES, IT IS.
WELL, I'M GOING TO KISS YOU.
WELL, YOU BETTER.
HEY.
THANKS FOR THE GREAT MOVIE TIP.
DID YOU LIKE IT?
OH, YEAH.
I DON'T KNOW IF I WAS HAPPIER
WHEN GEORGE BAILEY
DESTROYED THE FAMILY BUSINESS,
OR DONNA REED CRIED,
OR WHEN THE MEAN PHARMACIST
MADE HIS EAR BLEED.
I'LL GIVE YOU THE EAR THING,
BUT DON'T YOU THINK THE ENDING
WAS PRETTY WONDERFUL?
I DIDN'T WATCH THE ENDING.
I WAS TOO DEPRESSED.
IT KEPT GETTING WORSE AND WORSE.
IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN CALLED
"IT'S A SUCKY LIFE,
AND JUST WHEN YOU THINK IT
CAN'T SUCK ANY MORE, IT DOES."
KICK SAVE, AND...
DENIED.
BUT HE GETS IT BACK,
PASS TO THE MIDDLE,
LINES IT UP,
AND, BAM, YES!
COULD THAT SHOT BE ANY PRETTIER?
MAN, YOU ARE INCREDIBLE.
WE HAD A TABLE IN COLLEGE.
REALLY? I DIDN'T KNOW THEY
HAD FOOSBALL IN THE 1800s.
NICE MUSTACHE, BY THE WAY.
WHEN PUBERTY HITS, THAT THING'S
REALLY GOING TO KICK IN.
HONEY, NOT TO SOUND
TOO FLORENCE HENDERSON
BUT DINNER'S ON THE TABLE.
OKAY,
JUST ONE MORE POINT.
MONICA:
SCORE!
NOW CAN WE GO?
SEE, THAT'S WHY WE
DON'T LET HER PLAY.
IS EVERYTHING
ALL RIGHT?
MM-HMM.
UH-OH.
OH, HEY, LISTEN, DON'T BE MAD
AT HIM. IT'S OUR FAULT.
I'M SORRY WE'VE BEEN HOGGING
SO MUCH OF HIS TIME.
YEAH, HE'S JUST REALLY
GREAT TO HANG OUT WITH.
WELL...
NO, NO, SERIOUSLY.
CHANDLER AND I WERE
JUST TALKING ABOUT THIS.
HE IS SO MUCH COOLER
THAN OUR DADS.
I MEAN, OUR DADS
ARE OKAY AND ALL,
BUT RICHARD IS JUST... OW! OW!
WHAT ARE YOU KICKING ME FOR?
I'M TRYING TO TALK HERE.
UH... YOU GUYS
SEE ME AS A DAD?
OH, YEAH.
NO.
YOU'RE JUST CLEARLY
NOT FAMILIAR
WITH OUR YOUNG
PERSON'S VERNACULAR.
WHEN WE SAY "DAD,"
WE MEAN "BUDDY."
WE MEAN "PAL."
UH-HUH.
NO, SERIOUSLY,
JOEY'S MY DAD.
MONICA'S MY DAD.
I'VE EVEN GOT SOME
DADS DOWN AT WORK.
THAT'S FINE.
WELL, YOUR OTHER DAD AND I
ARE GOING TO GO HAVE
A ROMANTIC EVENING
AND I GUESS I'LL JUST
SEE YOU KIDS AROUND.
NIGHTY-NIGHT.
[BOTH]
YOU'RE NOT A DAD.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU
GOT US INTO TROUBLE.
SO, ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH.
IT'S JUST I FEEL LIKE
I'M ABOUT A HUNDRED.
I THOUGHT I WAS JUST
ONE OF THE GUYS.
COME HERE.
I'LL MAKE YOU FEEL
LIKE ONE OF THE GUYS.
YOU KNOW,
FOR A REALLY COOL GUY,
YOU SUCK AT FOOSBALL.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I WAS KILLING THEM.
YEAH, WELL, THEY SUCK TOO.
THEN YOU TAKE THE POOPY DIAPER
AND YOU PUT IT
IN THE POOPY DIAPER PAIL.
OKAY, ROSS, JUST SO YOU KNOW,
CALLING IT A "POOPY DIAPER"
DOESN'T MAKE THIS
PROCESS ANY CUTER.
[INTERCOM BUZZES]
HELLO.
CAROL:
It's us.
COME ON UP.
I'M GOING TO GET THE REST
OF HIS STUFF TOGETHER.
OKAY, WE CAN DO THIS NOW,
CAN'T WE, BEN?
YES, WE CAN.
THERE. I DID IT.
I DID IT.
LOOK AT THAT.
OH! IT STAYS ON AND EVERYTHING.
HI.
BEN:
I'M SORRY,
WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?
DID YOU JUST SAY "HI"?
OH, MY GOD.
ROSS, BEN JUST SAID "HI."
WHAT?
BEN JUST SAID "HI."
WHAT, THE WORD "HI"?
NO, MY UNCLE HY.
GREAT. GREAT.
AND I MISSED THAT TOO.
I MISS EVERYTHING.
OH, I'M SORRY.
I GUESS I JUST
BRING IT OUT IN HIM.
HELLO. WHERE IS HE?
WE MISSED YOU SO MUCH.
COME HERE, BEN.
GUESS WHAT. BEN JUST
SAID HIS FIRST WORD.
[BOTH]
WHAT DID HE SAY?
SOMETHING ABOUT "HI."
OH, THAT'S SO EXCITING.
MOMMY'S SO PROUD OF YOU.
HI. HI.
YOU KNOW, ACTUALLY,
IT'S MORE LIKE HI!
HI.
THIS COULD GO ON
FOR A WHILE.
YOU'RE RIGHT. WE GOT
A CAB WAITING DOWNSTAIRS.
THIS WAS FUN.
WE SHOULD REALLY DO IT
AGAIN SOMETIME, BEN.
WHAT DO YOU SAY? OKAY.
SO I'VE GOT HIM...
TUESDAY.
BYE, YOU GUYS.
TAKE CARE.
BYE, BEN.
BEN:
BYE.
DID HE JUST...
DID HE JUST SAY "BYE"?
HE SAID "BYE."
HE SAID "BYE" TO ME!
YES, HE DID.
SUDDENLY I'M SEEING HIM
GO OFF TO COLLEGE.
WE GOT TO GO.
WE GOT THAT CAB DOWNSTAIRS.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
SEE YOU LATER.
BYE.
BEN:
BYE!
Ben:
BYE.
BYE!
Ben:
BYE.
BYE!
AHH...
OH, WOW. LOOK AT THIS NICE
DEEP HOLE I'VE BEEN DIGGING.
HEY BERT, ISN'T THIS
A NICE HOLE HERE?
BEN, THIS IS THE PART
WHERE ERNIE BURIES BERT
IN THE SAND AND CAN'T FIND HIM.
NOW, I'VE LOOKED
AHEAD ON THE TAPE
AND HE DOES FIND HIM AGAIN.
BUT BEFORE THAT HAPPENS
THERE'S SOME PRETTY ROUGH
GOING FOR A WHILE.
BUT I THINK WE CAN HANDLE IT.
AND THERE'S JUST THE ALPHABET,
BUT WE KNOW THAT ENDS WELL.
OKAY, HERE WE GO.
BERT? BERT?
WHAT HAPPENED
TO MY FRIEND BERT?
HE WAS HERE JUST A MOMENT AGO.
OH, NO, MY OLD
FRIEND BERT IS LOST.
SO GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
Ben:
BYE-BYE, PHOEBE.